we could boast about developing the
world's most technologically advanced
automobiles
or brag about the fact that we've
received more Awards than any other
manufacturer we could gloat tease and
flaunt all day but we don't need to
because our cars speak for themselves
I'm telling you man every third blink is
slower the 60s weren't good to you from
the manufacturers of Finding Nemo and
The Incredibles Walt Disney Pictures
presents a Pixar Animation Studios film
cars
I am followed the racing my entire life
my whole life then you know who I am do
you know many Ferraris no they were so
the European circuit what luigi follow
only the fryers
you